---
End of week 1!
---

What is something you've learned so far that you could probably teach (i.e. explain to a reasonable degree of completion) to an interested but unexperienced friend?
    
    I think I now have the capability to teach someone the differences between a hash and an array. What their functions are, 
    how they store information, and how to get that information out from them. 




What is something you think others in the class understand much better than you. Be very, very specific. Even if you're feeling insecure and want to say, "Pretty much everything". Pick something specific.

    As of now, I think I'm falling right around in the middle of the class pertaining to how well we're picking this up. 
    Most likely the lower of the middle though. I think the people above me know how to create objects better than I, know 
    now to create effective methods, and are currently better at creatively packaging their methods in order to get the exact 
    information they want out of them to be useful. 



Describe one or two highlights from this week that have nothing to do with coding.

    I love how our class interacts with each other! Everybody is so friendly and willing to put aside what they're doing
    in order to help someone out who's having problems. I'm not the most outgoing person so sometimes it's hard for me to 
    ask other people to help me out, but I've found numerous times where you don't even have to ask; maybe just a look on 
    your face will prompt someone to help you out. What a great class to be involved with! As for a specific highlight, I 
    really enjoyed the group that met with Sumeet upstairs this afternoon in order to go over problems they were having. 
    Everyone was very open and not afraid to ask questions. Looking forward to week 2!